## Self Assessment
###### Disclaimer: Since I completed this project solo, all tasks were completed by me, Jeremy Oosterbaan. Consequently, my self assessment—specifically the team portion (Part B)—may look a little differnt.
- Part A
  - Since I did this project solo at Performance Electronics, Ltd. (PE), I contributed 100% to this project's completion & success. Coming into this project, I'd had a good deal of experience with smaller internal tools & solutions for developers. However, I'd not yet gotten the opportunity in my professional career to fully design & implement an entire architecture. I certainly built upon my prior experience, expanding upon the breadth of my knowledge in preparation for the project. Building the *Templated Android App Architecture* was an incredible experience, from which I've grown my technical & soft skills immensely. There were a handful of obstacles which I had to overcome, many of which were related to a constraint on resources. Simply put, I'm one junior developer tasked with developing multiple, in-depth libraries which must all work together seamlessly to produce a functioning, scalable architecture. The project was extremely successful, earning **1st place** among all 2025 Computer Science projects (>50 projects).
- Part B
  - Again, completing this project solo leaves me little to discuss in regards to teamwork. However, I'd like to use this section to reflect upon my collaboration with my boss/mentor Isaac Rose and Performance Electronics, Ltd. While I alone wrote all of the code and implemented the architecture, Isaac & my coworkers at PE were very involved in the entire design process. There were countless scenarios throughout the development process where I consulted Isaac with an idea, and we physically drew the idea out on a whiteboard, examining the pros/cons and any possible pitfalls. Moreover, one of my coworkers helped create some of the documentation (specifically helping with the PE Communication Protocol), which is hundreds of pages in length. All in all, working with the team at PE was of tremendous benefit to the project at large. I fully believe that without their support, this project wouldn't have been nearly as successful in the end.